Here I'll tell you a little bit of a story.
So this fall I traveled as a school rep
for Ambassador Baptist College, the college I went to.
And as I was traveling around,
I got to go to many different states
and to see a lot of different cool things.
And a lot of times I'd preach a Christian school chapel
or something like that in the morning.
And a lot of times I'd be done around noon or one o'clock
after lunch, sometimes there
at the different Christian schools.
So I'd have some time to kill.
So I would like to find different things to do.
So sometimes I would find a hiking trail
and I'd hike up a mountain or something like that.
And other times I was in more of a bigger city, if you will,
where a lot of college universities were.
So it's kind of interesting to go
on different college campuses across the nation.
We just kind of observe people in different things.
But something I really enjoy is college football.
I enjoy watching it on the television.
And you see all these places on TV,
but I was able this fall to go
to a lot of different college football stadiums
and actually see them and actually go out on the fields
and different things like that.
So over the course of the fall,
I got to go to Illinois University's football stadium.
I got to go by Michigan State University's stadium.
I got to go by West Virginia, which is my favorite team
in the whole wide world,
the West Virginia University Mountaineers.
I got to go by Notre Dame University's stadium.
I got to go to a whole bunch of different stadiums.
And one day I was up in Ann Arbor, Michigan.
So I was like, well, hey, I'm free today.
Why not, let's check out the big house, as they call it,
where Michigan University plays college football.
So I put in directions there on my phone,
put in directions there to the football stadium.
So I'm following my directions.
I have no idea where I'm at.
I'm just in Ann Arbor, Michigan.
And I pull up to a stoplight and the light is red.
It's about rush hour time.
So traffic was pretty busy.
So I get there to this red light.
I'm trying to make a left-hand turn here at the light.
And I'm here at the light.
And the one thing about this light though
is it doesn't have an arrow on it, a left-hand arrow.
So those of you who drive know that when you're trying
to make a left and the light turns green,
you have to yield to oncoming traffic.
You just can't pull out in front of somebody.
So the light turns green.
I'm about ready to go.
There's all these cars.
Keep going right by.
Light turns yellow.
Light turns red.
I'm like, are you serious?
I waited a whole cycle and could not make a left-hand turn.
So the second cycle, light turns green.
Steady stream of traffic.
Again, light turns yellow.
Light turns red.
I'm like, are you kidding me?
I was starting to get a little bit frustrated here.
Third time, same thing.
I'm like, are you kidding me?
They need to put a crazy left-hand turn thing here.
So by this time, I looked at my rear view mirror
and I'd presume a student there at the University
of Michigan, a female.
She was not very happy with me at this point.
And I looked at my rear view mirror and she was going,
she was like yelling at me.
And I'm like, I can't do anything.
I'm sorry.
So finally, on the fourth time, I'm at the light.
It turns green and two cars go, if I remember right.
And then I saw something glorious.
I saw a dump truck.
Now, dump trucks don't accelerate very fast, you know?
So I'm like, here's my opportunity.
Here we go.
So, and it was plenty safe.
I saw my opportunity.
There was a big gap there and I stepped on the gas
and I made it and actually the car behind me made it.
And we was able to go through that light.
And I was able to see the stadium
and have a great rest of my day.
But if you will, I had to wait
before I could go through that light.
But can I say tonight on a Sunday evening
that you do not have to wait to share the gospel.
You can go and share the gospel even tonight
right after the service.
And that's simply the title of the message this evening.
Go and share the gospel.
So here in Mark chapter number 16,
to kind of set the context
to where we'll be picking up our Bible passage tonight.
Jesus, he has just died for our sins there on the cross.
You know, he was beaten.
He was, as we heard this morning from Brother Cottle,
he was crucified there on Calvary.
And he was buried there in that old borrowed tomb.
And no doubt at this time,
his disciples were a little bit distraught.
The man that they had followed,
that they thought, you know,
was gonna be the king is now dead.
But I'm thankful that Jesus, he didn't stay dead.
My savior rose again from the dead,
conquering sin, conquering death.
And he's alive right now, up in heaven right now.
But these disciples,
they haven't heard yet that Jesus is alive.
And that's where we're gonna be picking up
our Bible account tonight in Mark chapter number 16.
We'll begin reading in verse number nine,
where the Bible says this.
Now, when Jesus was risen early the first day of the week,
he appeared first to Mary Magdalene,
out of whom he had cast seven devils.
And she went and told them that had been with him
as they mourned and wept.
And they, when they had heard that he was alive
and had been seen of her, believed not.
So let's get the picture here.
We have Jesus, he is now alive.
He's now risen.
And he appears first to this lady named Mary Magdalene.
So no doubt, Mary Magdalene, she's excited now.
She realizes that Jesus is alive.
So Mary Magdalene runs back to the disciples
who are gathered together and says,
hey, disciples, guess what?
Jesus is alive.
And what does the Bible say?
The Bible says that they believe her not.
They're probably like, oh, Mary,
you must've had a crazy dream last night,
but Jesus, no, he's dead.
We saw him, he's dead.
They don't believe.
Look back at verse number 12 here where the Bible says,
after that, he, speaking of Jesus,
appeared in another form unto two of them
as they walked and went into the country.
And they went and told it unto the residue,
neither believed they them.
So Jesus, he appears in another form to two other disciples.
Now these two other disciples,
they run back to the disciples who were gathered together,
say, hey, Jesus is alive.
Jesus is alive.
And the disciples again do not believe that Jesus is alive.
And then look at verse number 14.
We have Jesus who arrives back on the scene.
It says, afterward, he, again, speaking of Jesus,
appeared unto the 11, speaking of the disciples,
as they sat at meat and upbraided them
with their unbelief and hardness of heart,
because they believed not them
which had seen him after he was risen.
And he said unto them, go ye into all the world
and preach the gospel to every creature.
He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved,
but he that believeth not shall be damned.
And these signs shall follow them that believe.
In my name shall I cast out devils.
They shall speak with new tongues.
They shall take up serpents.
And if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them.
They shall lay hands on the sick and they shall recover.
So then after the Lord had spoken unto them,
he was received up into heaven
and sat on the right hand of God.
And they went forth and preached everywhere,
the Lord working with them
and confirming the word with signs following.
Amen.
If you would join me for a quick word of prayer,
then we're gonna jump right into it.
Father, I sure do love you.
And I thank you so much for the opportunity
to preach your word tonight.
Lord, I thank you so much for Fellowship Baptist Church
and for the man's and just for everything
that they've done for me personally
in the DC Gospel Outreach.
And Lord, I pray now that,
Father, you would speak to our hearts
and draw us closer to you, Lord.
My words aren't gonna do anything,
but I know that your word has the power.
And God, would you please speak to our hearts
and draw us closer to you?
And Lord, may we believe your change
as a result of your word being preached tonight.
Lord, I love you.
In Jesus' name I pray.
Amen.
So point number one this evening,
if you're taking notes is God's commands.
Point number one this evening, God's commands.
So here, as we already looked at,
we had Mary Magdalene who came to the disciples
and they didn't believe her.
And then we had the two other disciples
who came to the 11 as they were sat there
and they didn't believe them.
And then Jesus, as we read, shows up on the scene
and he kind of gets into his disciples a little bit.
Like, hey, like guys, why didn't you believe?
The Bible says he upbraided them
with their unbelief and hardness of heart.
And then Jesus, he kind of pivots from,
hey guys, get with the program a little bit.
He kind of pivots to giving them
some very important commands that,
yes, were applicable to them,
but is applicable to us today.
So what is the first command that Christ gave
to his disciples?
The first command is simply to go.
To go, it's right there in our texts.
And he, speaking of Jesus, said unto them,
what's that next word, church?
What's that next word, church?
Go, go ye into all the world
and preach the gospel to every creature.
Go, it has the idea to move over an area,
to proceed, to take action.
It's a simple fact this evening,
but to go somewhere requires action
on the part of the person who is to go.
Now, I have one younger brother.
He's two and a half years younger than myself.
And he's actually right now in the Ivory Coast,
West Africa on a missions internship.
So if you think of him, pray for him.
I know he would appreciate that.
But this was back a little while.
I think it was, let's see,
it was last Thanksgiving, I believe.
And he has a girlfriend.
She's down in Whitfield, Virginia, a really great girl.
And we were down there visiting her and her family there.
And I just happened to be there, if you will.
And we had a great dinner with the family.
And afterwards, we went outside.
They have a bunch of dogs, actually breed dogs.
And thanks to, they have a bunch of dogs.
And there was one dog there
that we were playing fetch with.
So we took the ball and I'd throw the ball
and the dog, boy, it loved chasing after that ball,
would go after it.
And then it would bring the ball back.
And the ball's a little bit slobbery by this point.
And I'm like, do I really wanna pick that ball up?
Not really, but it's for a dog, so might as well.
So I'd pick the ball up and I'd throw it again.
And the dog would chase after it
and bring it right on back.
And we kept doing it.
Then they brought out this Nerf gun thing for tennis balls,
which I didn't even know they made.
So you put the tennis ball in there,
you cock the Nerf gun and boom, you'd shoot it
and it'd go about 50 feet in the air.
There would go off the tennis ball.
And the dog, boy, would just keep running after that ball.
And we did that for a whole long time.
But I want you to imagine with me here,
if we have this dog here,
if I throw the ball and I say, all right, dog, go get it.
And the dog just sits there.
Is the ball gonna magically come back to the dog?
No, it requires action on the part of the dog
to go and get the ball.
But can I say tonight, Christians,
I think a lot of times we're like a dog
who doesn't go after the ball.
God says, hey, go, go share the gospel.
We're like a dog.
Eh, I really don't wanna go share the gospel.
It's a little bit inconvenient.
But hey, it's time for us as Christians,
if you will, to be as excited as that dog was
going after that tennis ball,
to take the message of the gospel.
to a world that desperately needs it.
We must go and share the gospel.
And again, this wasn't just a command for the disciples.
It's a command for you and for me today.
You say, well, how can we go, Brother Ryan?
How can we go and share the gospel?
Well, hey, how about by telling people
that you encounter in your daily life about Jesus?
That's a great way to share the gospel.
Maybe you're at the checkout there,
at wherever you go, Walmart, wherever you go,
hey, maybe pull out a gospel tract and say,
hey, could I give you something to read sometime?
That's one way that you can go and share the gospel.
Another way you can go and share the gospel
is by supporting missionaries, like the Perez family,
like all the families that you support.
That's one way that you can go and share the gospel
is by supporting missionaries.
How about kids, by being a witness for Christ
at your school, by standing on the word of God
and just having a good testimony
and witnessing to your friends and say,
hey, can I tell you about Jesus?
Those are all ways that we can go and share the gospel.
But if you look back at verse number 15, you say,
well, where are we supposed to take this message?
It says, and he said unto them,
go ye into all the world
and preach the gospel to every creature.
We're supposed to take the gospel to every place
on the face of this planet, to every person
in the whole wide world.
Everybody needs the gospels.
Brother Cottle preached this morning to all the world.
All means all, and that's all that it means.
I don't care what race they are.
I don't care what their ethnicity is.
I don't care how much money they make.
I don't care what they do.
Every single person in the whole wide world
needs the message of the gospel.
Everybody, my God died for every single person
in the whole wide world.
We must take the message of the gospel to them.
So we're commanded to go.
But the second command we find is we're commanded to preach.
We're commanded to preach.
If you look there at verse 15,
we already looked at it.
Go ye into all the world
and preach the gospel to every creature.
Now you say, ha ha, brother Ryan, I am not a preacher.
Therefore, this does not apply to me.
Now the word preacher, it absolutely, yes,
it involves somebody getting up
and preaching the word of God,
but the word simply means to proclaim aloud a message
or to herald aloud a message.
A lot of you, if you're sports fans, man,
if your team wins, boy, you want everybody to know,
hey, did you see my team?
Look at the score, man.
Look at that score.
We won by a score.
Look at that.
Or some of you, you may be hunters.
I know we're in the city,
but some of you may be hunters
and man, you get that monster buck.
Man, you take a picture of it.
It's like, hey, guys, look at this, man.
This is a 12 point buck.
And I'll tell you, the rack on that thing was massive.
Some of you may be fishermen.
You get that fish that's really only about this big,
but you make it, oh man, that fish, it was big.
I tell you what, and you get excited about it.
You proclaim the message.
Hey, why not proclaim the message?
Why not preach the message of the gospel?
And may I say that the gospel is the message
that the world needs.
You say, well, what is the gospel?
The gospel is simply the death, the burial,
and the resurrection of Christ.
The death, the burial, and the resurrection of Christ.
You find that in 1 Corinthians 15, verses three and four,
where the Bible says,
for I delivered unto you first of all,
that which I also received,
how that Christ died for our sins,
according to the scriptures,
and that he was buried,
and that he rose again the third day,
according to the scriptures.
The gospel is the message that the world needs.
Not politics, not my opinion,
not the latest fashion statements
or fashion whatever this, that, or the other thing.
No, the message they need is the gospel.
If I'm convinced of anything,
we've been at the DC Gospel Outreach now,
out on the streets for about two weeks now.
And I tell you, we've seen everything from JWs
to Seventh Days, to some monks, to you name it.
We've probably seen it out there.
Everybody trying to get their message across
or their way to God.
But I can promise you,
those ways will not get you anywhere.
Only the message of the gospel from the Bible
will get them anywhere.
My words aren't gonna change anything,
but the word of God is quick and powerful
and sharper than any two-edged sword.
The word of God and the gospel is the message
that people need to hear.
And can I say, Christian, don't be ashamed of the gospel.
So many times we live our lives
like we're undercover Christians,
like, oh, I don't want anybody to know that I'm a Christian.
Or at the workplace, man, if they know I'm a Christian,
man, some things could happen to me.
But hey, don't be ashamed of the gospel.
Instead, embrace the glorious message of the gospel.
Again, this fall, I was out traveling
and one time I was going to Virginia Beach, Virginia,
not terribly far from here.
And I was gonna be at some churches there
in the Virginia Beach area.
And so I was looking online, I did all my bookings
as far as scheduling things and finding my hotels
and all that, I did that myself.
So I was looking on my phone for a hotel to stay at
and I was finding, because I was during the fall time,
so it was kind of cooler
and not a whole lot of people were there for the beach.
So all the hotels, the rooms were ridiculously cheap.
I mean, like, I got a really nice hotel.
I think it was like 65 bucks with tax and everything.
So I mean, it was a great deal.
So anyway, so I checked into my hotel
and there was the boardwalk there.
I think it was about 50 degrees or so.
So I mean, it was still nice.
You could still walk out
and you weren't freezing or anything.
So I was walking down the boardwalk
and I think I called my parents a little bit,
was just talking with them.
So I was kind of walking down the boardwalk
and sure enough, it got to be about eight o'clock
at night or so.
And I hadn't eaten dinner yet
because I'd been on the road and then checked in
and called my parents and walked a little bit.
So my stomach was growling.
I'm like, boy, I am hungry.
I am ready for some food.
So I pulled out my phone,
I looked at fast food restaurants near me.
And so I think there was a Wendy's over there
and then there was a Dairy Queen over there.
I was like, huh, I haven't had Dairy Queen
for a little while.
So I'd been on the road a lot.
So pretty much all I was eating was fast food things
and things of that nature,
but I hadn't had Dairy Queen.
So I'm like, I'll eat the Dairy Queen.
It was like, I think 0.8 miles away or something
kind of on the opposite end of the boardwalk.
So I'm like, ah, it's not too far.
I can walk that.
So it took me 20 minutes or however long
and I got down there.
And the Dairy Queen,
it was like an outside style Dairy Queen
where you couldn't eat inside,
but they had like where you would order at the window.
Then they would give your food back at the window
and you would sit out at different picnic tables
or wherever you wanted to eat it.
So I was there, there was a little bit of line.
It was, they were getting close to closing
about an hour or so.
So things, they were kind of starting to slow down
and there was a little bit of a line.
There was about six folks in front of me.
So I waited a little bit and waited some more,
waited some more.
And finally it was about my time to go order.
And I was coming up to the window
and there was a ruckus behind me
just as I was starting to order.
And there was this guy,
I actually never saw the guy,
but he was going around and he was yelling.
He was yelling, Jesus is dead.
Jesus said, don't you believe what the Bible's lie.
I mean, just carrying on and saying things
that should not be repeated and just going on and on.
So I finished ordering and I turned around
and he was already gone.
I have no idea where he ended up,
but he had obviously walked on by.
I tell you, it broke my heart to see this man proclaiming.
I mean, he didn't care who already, he was yelling.
I don't know if he was on drugs or alcohol, I don't know,
but he was proclaiming aloud the message that Jesus is dead.
But could I say tonight that if a lost man
can walk the streets of Virginia Beach, Virginia
and proclaim that Jesus is dead,
I think it's time for us as Christians to preach,
if you will, to proclaim aloud the message
that no, Jesus, he's alive.
He is the only way to heaven.
And let's share the gospel with a world
that desperately needs the message of the gospel.
Romans 1 16 says,
for I am not ashamed of the gospel of Christ,
for it is the power of God unto salvation
to everyone that believeth,
to the Jew first and also to the Greek.
Don't be ashamed of the gospel, embrace it.
Make your life all about the gospel.
Hudson Taylor had a great quote.
He said, the great commission
is not an option to be considered.
It is a command to be obeyed.
Let me say that again.
The great commission is not an option to be considered.
It is a command to be obeyed.
Will we take Christ's command seriously to go into preach?
Have you shared the gospel recently?
When's the last time that you passed out a gospel tract?
Start to think about that as we continue on tonight.
We're gonna tie,
there's a couple kind of controversial passages here,
but it's here in our text
and I wanna really quickly just hit on it
and then we'll kind of go on from there.
But if you look at verse number 16,
the Bible says, he that believeth
and is baptized shall be saved,
but he that believeth not shall be damned.
So some people see that verse there and they say,
oh boy, you have to be baptized to be saved.
Let me tell you, that is not at all
what this verse is teaching.
The emphasis here is on believing.
Even if you look at the end of that verse,
it doesn't say, but he that is baptized not shall be damned.
No, it says he that believeth not shall be damned.
Can I say that salvation always comes first.
It's always salvation and then baptism.
Baptism has nothing to do with salvation.
So do not let that verse confuse you at all.
And then verses 17 and 18, we have these sign gifts here,
which says in these signs,
shall follow them that believe in my name.
Shall they cast out devils?
They shall speak with new tongues.
They shall take up serpents.
If they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them.
They shall lay hands on the sick and they shall recover.
And can I say tonight that the sign gifts have ceased.
As we got the completed word of God,
the completed canon of scripture,
the sign gifts have ceased.
You say, well, why were there sign gifts in the first place?
Well, they were given to authenticate
the message of the gospel,
but those sign gifts have now ceased.
So don't let anybody confuse you.
The charismatics, no.
Those sign gifts have ceased and we find that
in 1 Corinthians chapter number 13.
If you have questions about it, see Pastor Man.
I'm sure he'd love to take a Bible
and answer all those hard questions for you.
But hey, that was right in our text.
I just wanted to hit it really quick.
But point number one tonight, we see God's commands.
Point number two this evening, we see our responsibility.
Our responsibility.
Number one, God's commands.
Number two, our responsibility.
If you look there at verse number 19,
the Bible says this.
So then after the Lord had spoken unto them,
he was received up into heaven
and sat on the right hand of God.
And they went forth.
and preached everywhere, the Lord working with them
and confirming the word with signs following, amen.
Here's the key, the disciples, they heard Christ's commands.
They were sitting there, they heard the commands,
but it just didn't go in one ear and out the other ear.
They obeyed the commands that they were given.
If you look there at verse number 20,
they went forth and preached everywhere.
They heard the commands and they went.
If you will, they went and they shared the gospel.
One reason that a lot of our churches are dying
and Christians just aren't excited about the Lord
is because they're not sharing the gospel.
People say, oh, that's pastor man's responsibility
to share the gospel.
Oh, that's pastor man's responsibility to pass out tracts.
And yes, it absolutely is.
But hey, can I say that for every single person
in this auditorium, it's your responsibility too
to take the message of the gospel.
Every one of us must be about seeing souls saved.
You say, well, what are some other ways
that we can go and preach the gospel?
Well, hey, how about coming out to church events
to promote sharing the gospel?
Hey, you can have your super Saturdays,
I believe you call it or whatever.
Hey, come out to those where you go out
and talk to folks about the Lord.
Hey, July the 11th, come out and help us out
with the DC Gospel Arch.
We'll be out there sharing the gospel.
How about by using social media?
A lot of you have social media.
Hey, use that to post a Bible verse every once in a while
or to post a gospel video of somebody sharing the gospel.
Those are all ways that we can go and share the gospel.
Maybe some of you older folks in here,
maybe you have some old classmates
that you graduated with years ago.
Maybe you could pick up the phone and just call them
and say, hey, how are you doing?
And catch up a little bit and then say, hey,
you know what, I'm a Christian and Jesus,
he's done a work in my life.
Could I share with you the message of Jesus?
Those are all ways that you can go and share the gospel.
And just by using everyday encounters to share the gospel.
I was in Galesburg, Illinois and I was going there
and I was gonna be at a youth rally the next day
there in Galesburg and I wanted to have a game
to kind of interact with the teenagers
as they would kind of come up to me at this youth rally.
There were gonna be a bunch of different tables
there and things, so I was like, I need to find a game.
So I looked online, I found some different things.
I'm like, oh, that could work.
So I went to Five Below.
I don't know, do you have Five Below's in this area?
All right, you have Five Below's.
So I went into this Five Below
and it was about eight o'clock at night.
I go into the store.
There was two workers over there to my left
and they both, as I came in the store,
the store was really slow at that time.
They said, hey, welcome to Five Below.
Let us know if you need anything.
So I kept on walking.
I was like, light bulb, came on.
I'm like, well, why should I spend all my time
looking for this one product
when they know exactly where it's at?
So I turned around, I went to the one worker
and I said, excuse me, sir.
I said, I'm looking for this product
and I showed him what I was looking for.
Said, would you mind showing me
where that's at in the store here?
He's like, oh yeah, absolutely, follow me.
So we went over there to the store
and he was like one of those super helpful
kind of employees, if you know what I'm talking about.
He's like, well, you said you wanted this,
but how about this product?
He was a salesman, I'll tell you what.
He's like, well, what about this?
And I think this would be great.
He's like, what's all this for?
And I'm like, well, how in the world do I explain
that I'm going to a youth rally for teenagers?
And I was trying to think through how do I explain this?
Because I don't know what this guy,
he probably has no concept of what a church
youth rally type deal is.
So I was trying to explain it the best I could.
And he was like, oh, I grew up going to church camp.
I said, oh, really?
I said, where was that?
He said, it was a camp in Ohio.
So I was trying to feel him out a little bit.
And we got to talking and he like,
all of a sudden just looked at me,
he's like, do you believe in ghosts?
And I just kind of was taken back a little bit.
And I said, well, I don't think,
kind of in the way that you're talking about it.
He's like, well, man, he said,
I was sitting in my bunk at this church camp
and all of a sudden I saw all these spirits
and these ghosts started coming in.
I'm just kind of shaking my head.
I'm like, all right.
So I was kind of feeling him out a little bit.
And anyway, the Lord just opened a door wide open
to share the gospel.
And I was able, I know he was working
and so I didn't want to monopolize his time,
but there for just about a minute or two,
I just was able to walk through the gospel,
playing with him.
And he didn't get saved to the best of my knowledge,
not at least that night when I was talking to him,
but he took it all in.
He's like, huh?
He said, that's really good.
He said, I'll think about that.
And even later on, the story came up to me
and he tapped me on the shoulder.
He said, hey, I have a prayer request.
Would you pray for whatever?
And it was something about his mother
or something like that.
And I was able to leave him with the gospel tract.
But hey, I wasn't going into Five Below
to talk about the gospel.
I was going in there to get a $5 game
and leave and get back to where I was staying.
But the Lord opened an opportunity
for me to share the gospel,
just by going through my daily life.
Hey, how about praying for some of those opportunities?
And when the Lord opens that door, take it.
Don't be ashamed as we've already talked about.
Take it and say, hey, can I share the gospel with you?
And I tell you, God could really use that
to impact somebody's eternity.
As we're closing down tonight,
we're gonna look back at verse number 20,
where it says, they went forth and preached everywhere.
They obeyed the commands that they were given.
And I love this next phrase.
The Lord working with them.
Would you say that phrase with me there?
Man, I love that phrase.
When we go to share the gospel, it's not me.
It's the Holy Spirit of God working through me.
And if you're here tonight and you are saved,
the moment you got saved,
the Holy Spirit of God came to live inside of you.
And I tell you, what a privilege that is
that I have God himself inside of me working through me.
Now, yes, absolutely, we have to surrender and say,
God, I'll share the gospel.
But whenever we do, Christ works through us
in and through us to share the gospel.
And I tell you, sometimes the Holy Spirit
will bring back verses to my mind
that I forgot that I memorized years ago
when I'm talking to somebody about the Lord.
And hey, the Holy Spirit,
so I know the Holy Spirit's the one that needs
to be working in folks' hearts as we're talking to them.
Because again, it's not gonna be my power,
but God through the Holy Spirit will convict folks' heart
as we are sharing the gospel.
And I'm thankful that when we go, the Lord works with us.
I tell you what, there's no better partner
to have with you, if you will, than the Holy Ghost,
God himself working through us to share the gospel.
Praise the Lord for that.
That should excite us.
So as we kind of close tonight,
I just wanna get really practical as we closed.
So what are some hindrances in sharing the gospel?
I wrote some now and you say,
well, what are some hindrances
and why do people not share the gospel?
Well, I think one of them is fear, fear.
And to be honest with you, that's a real fear.
Sometimes whenever I'm out on the National Mall
or in a neighborhood or whatever we're doing
at the DC Gospel Arch, to be honest with you,
sometimes I'm a little bit fearful.
I see somebody coming and it's obvious
that they don't know the Lord.
And sometimes, you know,
I have a little bit of fear in my heart.
That's a real response.
That's one of the responses or one of the hindrances
in sharing the gospel.
Another hindrance is rejection.
Well, if I share the gospel, what will people think of me?
They'll reject me or maybe I may get a black mark
on my name at work and people say,
oh, there's that Christian guy over there.
Rejection, that's a real hindrance in sharing the gospel.
How about sin in our own lives
that makes us feel inadequate to share the gospel?
Because we don't have that close fellowship with God.
Whenever I'm not right with God,
I'll tell you, I don't wanna share the gospel
to be honest with you.
That's a hindrance in sharing the gospel.
Sometimes it's a lack of understanding
on how to share the gospel.
You say, I just don't feel like I'm adequate
or equipped to do that.
Well, hey, if that's you, talk to a pastor man,
talk to somebody and I know they can give you resources
to help you share the gospel.
But hey, if you know John 3, 16,
you know enough right there.
Just share John 3, 16 with him.
For God so loved the world
that he gave his only begotten son
that whosoever believeth in him should not perish,
but have everlasting life.
You can just use John 3, 16 to share the gospel.
And if we're honest, sometimes a hindrance
in sharing the gospel is a sheer lack of want to.
It is if we're being honest.
We just don't have that want to.
It's like, yeah, okay, whatever.
I know I'm supposed to, but I'm just not gonna do it.
But Christian, can I say tonight on this Sunday night,
it's time that we get over whatever our hindrance is
and simply obey Christ's commands.
Yes, it may be a little bit scary.
It may push you out of your comfort zone,
but obey Christ's commands.
And I promise you, whenever you do,
you have the Lord working with you
and God will give you the strength to do it.
And God can do some incredible things through your life.
There was a recent poll taken.
It was a Barna poll.
So it's a pretty reputable poll.
And they ask people a bunch of questions
in this certain survey.
It was this kind of a spiritual survey, if you will.
And they ask a bunch of questions.
And one of the questions that they asked was,
do you believe that the Bible way to heaven
is by grace through faith?
And by the way, that is the Bible way to heaven,
by grace through faith, not of our works.
In that survey, only 6% of people,
this is a survey taken here in America,
only 6% of people in America
said that that was the Bible way to heaven, 6%.
Here in America, where we got churches everywhere,
6% of people, less than one in 10 people in America
said that that was the Bible way to heaven.
So that kind of got me thinking a little bit.
So I did a Google search.
I said, how many people a day in the United States die?
What a Google search, right?
And I was like, how many people in the United States die a day?
And in a rough Google search,
you'll get a few varying numbers,
but generally speaking,
people will have it around 8,400 people, roughly speaking.
The one that I got right here is 8,460 people each day
die in the United States.
So if we take, we'll round up to 10%.
Let's just, for sake of illustration tonight,
say that 10% of people in America are saved,
which again, I know that poll could be skewed,
it could be up or down, I understand that.
Let's just say 10% of people in America are saved,
with 8,460 people each day dying.
If you do the math on that, if that stat is true,
508 people each day who die here in America
are saved and go into heaven.
But if that stat is true,
7,952 people each day who die are lost
and going to spend an eternity
in a godless place called hell.
Let that number sink in.
Nearly, here in America, we're not talking the world,
we're talking America.
Nearly 8,000 people each day who die are going to spend to a godless place called hell.
That ought to break our hearts as Christians.
To think that that many people are dying each and every day,
and they don't know Jesus as their Savior.
If that doesn't motivate you to share the gospel, friend,
can I say this? I don't know what will.
It's time that we as Christians take Christ's command seriously
to go into all the world to preach the gospel to every creature.
Oh, that we would have a church here at Fellowship Baptist Church
that takes the gospel seriously.
That goes out and shares the gospel with their friends, with their family,
with their co-workers, with everybody they come in contact with.
The best message that anybody could hear, the message of the gospel.
I'll close with one more illustration.
I was recently coming back on the metro one evening.
And to be honest with you, I was a little bit tired.
I was exhausted from the long day out.
And I was sitting there at the metro.
I was probably playing on my phone,
maybe looking at some sports highlights or something like that.
And there was a man that got on the metro.
He looked a little bit disheveled.
And he could tell he was a little bit down and out.
But kind of as he got in, I didn't think anything of it.
And kind of the Holy Spirit just started pricking my heart.
Hey, talk to him about the Lord. Hey, give him a tract.
And I was like, Lord, I really don't feel like it right now.
I'm tired. I just want to go back home.
But the Holy Spirit was like, hey, hey, talk to him.
So I was like, yes, sir, Lord.
So I got up and I had a gospel tract on me.
And I said, hey, sir, could I give you something that talks about God's love for you?
Whatever I said, I'm not exactly sure.
And that man looked up at me.
And as sincere as he could, he said, huh.
He said, I didn't grow up Christian.
I didn't grow up going to church.
But recently I've been thinking about Christianity and about God.
Whoa.
I was not expecting that response.
To be honest with you, I was expecting him to say, no, I'm good.
Thank you. Go on, man.
But he was open to the gospel.
Could there be some people like that in your lives?
That God might just put them right in front of you
that are looking for something different?
I can promise you that, yes, there's pleasure and sin for a season.
But the world's philosophies and ways, they're not going to do anything for a person.
Only the gospel and a personal relationship with Jesus can bring hope and peace to a person's life.
Could God put some people in your life this week, tomorrow at work,
that you're able to share the gospel with?
Why not pray about it?
Christian, are you sharing the gospel?
Do you have a burden for the lost?
Why not tonight make a choice that you're going to be a gospel Christian and share the gospel?
If you would bow your heads and close your eyes, I'm going to ask Pastor Mann to come.
I'm going to pray here in a second and then let him take the invitation, however the Lord leads.
But, Father, we sure do love you.
And thank you so much again for the opportunity to preach tonight.
Lord, I thank you for your word.
I thank you just for dying on the cross, Lord, to pay for my sins, to give us the message of the gospel.
And, Father, help each one of us to be faithful to take the gospel message,
whether that be through a gospel track, through talking to somebody about the Lord.
God, I pray that you help each one of us to be gospel Christians and to simply go and share the gospel.
Lord, take control of the invitation. It's yours. In Jesus' name we pray.